hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
elysium
be ready for some spoilers ahead in the
near future the earth is no longer a
desirable place to live due to
pollutions created by human civilization
humanity has never been more divided by
their economic status
the rich have built themselves a space
station called elysium
where life is perfect without disease
nor
death they're essentially gods they
isolate themselves from earth
using it as nothing more than a means of
production and the people living here
are nothing more than their slaves
the main character max leaves his
criminal past behind and tries to work
in a decent job
but still gets harassed by the robot
police due to his criminal record
they break his arm for being disobedient
which sends him to the hospital
to his surprise max sees his childhood
friend frey
who he promised to bring to elysium with
him one day
she works in the hospital as a nurse now
and max doesn't waste a second asking
her out
which is exactly what i would have done
as well she's reluctant about it but
doesn't want max to break his other arm
just so that he can see her again
max almost lost his job with his injury
where he manufactures robotic parts for
a weapons company ran by their ceo
john a citizen of elysium the only way
to go to elysium is illegally
by paying your life saving to a man
named spider
who runs an underground organization
that sends shadows to the space station
but the trip is extremely risky as
elysium would do anything to keep the
people out
defense secretary delacorte orders a
missile strike from her sleeper agent
cougar
which he fires on earth destroying two
of the transport
shadows while missing the last one the
ship manages to land
and the people run towards the closest
med bay using their counterfeit tattoos
to heal their sickness
the success rate is extremely low as
only one mother was able to heal her
daughter
from her crippledness one day while max
is working in his factory
a malfunction occurs to the doors which
delays his entire line
the foreman threatens him to go in at
the prospect of losing his job
max chooses to obey but the door shuts
locking him inside
despite the workers trying to save him
it was too late
and he took a full dose of radiation
from the machines
a robot drags him out and tells him to
sign a waiver
which gives him some medicine that will
keep him functioning until his death
five days from now the disregards for
the worker is very apparent
when the ceo seems to care more about
the best sheets being cleaned than about
his worker being alive
max goes home where his best friend
julio sees that something is very wrong
max tells him that he has to go to
elysium where they have the technology
necessary to fix him
the only person that can make this
happen is spider
but even with all his friends money it
won't be enough for a ticket
max goes to spider demanding a ticket
and id
and promises to pay him back however
much the amount is
spyer laughs at him and says that he
gets many people asking the same thing
every day
max pulls out a knife to threaten him
and is clearly unafraid to die
spider realizes that max is dying and
offers him a job where he cannot refuse
since none of his men are crazy enough
to go through with it
they plan to hijack the organic
information from a citizen of
elysium who visits earth and use this to
acquire money from their bank accounts
max agrees to the plan but demands that
they go after jon
the ceo who cares so little about his
workers lives
spiders sees that max is weak from the
sickness and takes out an
exosuit which requires surgery to put on
max has little choice but to go under
the knife as he will die soon anyways if
he doesn't
secretary delacorte is being reviewed by
the president of
elysium for killing 46 humans and using
a sleeper agent from earth
delacor doesn't think what she did was
wrong as she argues that she was
protecting her children
and what they built for their
descendants the president gives her a
final warning
and further action of similar nature
will result in her removal from
office she sees an opportunity when she
meets with jon
in the discussion of renewing their
weapons contract
delacore threatens to remove any further
contracts from their company
unless jon can stage a coop for her she
wants him to write a computer code that
reboots the system
and reinstates her as the new president
since she believes that the current
leadership puts their civilization in
danger
john accepts his offer for securing the
future of his company
and writes the reboot sequence putting a
lethal failsafe in case it was stolen
max and his team waits for jon to leave
his office and puts a bomb on his
vehicle
they detonate the bomb on their planned
location and chases after the falling
plane
delacor notices what happened to jon and
immediately sends
cougar after him max and his team
arrives at the location
but we're not expecting a drone to
attack them the drone shoots a barrage
of grenades at the team
causing them to hide behind their cars
max manages to make an effective counter
fire
as the drone reloads blowing it to
pieces
they break open jon's vehicle and just
before they can retrieve him
another drone walks out and starts
firing at the team
jon is shot in the exchange of gunfires
while max tackles the robot and proceeds
to fight it in close combat
he manages to get an upper hand and rips
its head off
they notice that john is dying and tries
to quickly retrieve the information onto
max
they complete the transfer but is unable
to read the data due to the fail-safe
that was put in place
before they can run away cougar arrives
and begins shooting bombs at them
and killing their teammates in a
sadistic manner kruger goes after
max personally and wounds him badly by
stabbing him in the stomach
julio tries to save max but ends up
getting killed in the process
max has no choice but to run from cougar
while the agent sends drones all over
the city
looking for him trying to prevent the
codes from leaking out
delacorte orders a full containment of
the area
jamming other signals so that no planes
can leave
kruger's team also picked up traces of
the code and realizes what its function
is motivating him to retrieve it even
more but likely for his own benefits
max makes it to the outside of the
hospital where frey works before
bleeding out
and calls out her name she tries to
bring him to the hospital
but max refuses as he'll be arrested
right away
she brings him back to her home and
manages to save him from the brink of
death
max sees a little girl in frey's house
and realizes that she's a mother
frey wants max to bring her daughter to
elysium as she's dying from leukemia
he hesitates when he sees the kindness
of the girl
but ultimately refuses as he puts saving
his own life as priority to everything
else
krueger's drones pick up the movements
from max and arrives only to find
frey and her daughter realizing that
they helped max recover
he takes them prisoner just in case for
leverage and some personal entertainment
max returns to spider with the code only
to find that they have no way of going
to elysium due to delacorte jamming the
airspace
spider looks through the code and
realizes that it is the key to resetting
elysium
potentially saving all of humanity if
they make everyone a citizen
spider tries to convince max to use this
code to save humanity
but he has little interest in this as
he'll die very soon
realizing that his information is
extremely valuable and that kruger needs
him alive
max turns himself in to the mercenaries
so that he may go to elysium
max holds out a grenade and threatens
cougar with suicide
he demands to go to elysium and use the
med base right away
as he enters their ship he realizes that
frey and her daughter are captured as
well
all because of him they notified delacor
that they have the code
and she lifts the signal jam allowing
them to leave earth
this also gives spider an opportunity
for flight
as he prepares his men to go to elysium
planning to use the code to save
humanity
before they can land their ship cougar
tries with his men to restrain max
but their efforts fail blowing kruger's
face apart and crash landing on the
ground
the mercenary still manages to apprehend
max and his friends
while cougars men takes their leader's
body to the medbay
reconstructing his face in an effort to
revive him
the scientist ties max to the hospital
bed and plans to extract the code from
him in delacorte's order
through their conversation max realizes
that in order to extract the code
the failsafe would kill the original
host this means that he will not be able
to save himself
as he would die before elysium can make
him a citizen
before they can begin the extraction max
manages to break free in the last minute
he interrogates the scientists for
phrase whereabouts and rushes to save
them before they are disposed of
unhappy with cougars crash landing which
puts citizens in danger
delacor arrives to the newly
reconstructed man and continues to
express her disprove and disappointment
in a moment of rage krueger stabs
delacor in the neck
fatally wounding her as his man throws
her in with frey and her daughter
krueger plans to use the code for
himself and orders his men to destroy
all the politicians in the building
while he looks for max personally while
still searching for frey
max sees that spider has arrived on the
security camera
and tries to contact him with the
speakers he tells spider to use the
information in his brain to transform
everyone into a citizen of elysium
as he heads off to rescue freight and
her daughter
just before cougar's men are about to do
the unspeakable to frey
while threatening her daughter max finds
them and stops the men from their
horrendous actions
they all meet up with spider and max
tells spider to go with him to reset
elysium while frey goes to the nearest
mad bay to wait for the reset
so she can cure her daughter after the
two groups go their own ways
kruger catches up with max and proceeds
to attack him out of vengeance
spider tries to help in the fight but
without the exosuit he gets taken out
easily by cougar who nails his hand to
the floor
max tries to defend himself but kruger's
suit is more advanced in every way
he struggles while cougar throws him
against the wall and tossing him like a
rag doll
but for some reason the bad guys always
prefer to talk instead of finishing off
their opponents
which gives max a chance to grab onto
cougar's neural chip
and rips it out disabling him entirely
cougar tries to kill both of them
together by using a grenade and locking
onto max's suit
but max manages to break free and throws
cougar down the bridge while he explodes
into pieces
he heads to the mainframe with spider
and gets ready to extract the code
spider tells max that there will be no
return for him
to which max says that he already knew
in his last breath
he tells frey that he has kept the
promise he made when they were kids
and he finally sees just how beautiful
earth really
is max executes the codes killing
himself while shutting down the entire
system
elysium reboots and sets everyone as a
citizen
including the people on earth frey uses
the medbay to heal her daughter
while the computer sends numerous drones
to earth
liberating everyone from their
sufferings
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time